UI Changes
---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
1. Remove 'Create Landing Page' button from the inventory list page. It will go to the Landing Page tab. Like shown
in the attached image.
2. Integrate the revised UI with the existing code base of Viognier.
3. User Management module screen design will be similar to Cabernet screens. 
	 Take screenshots of those screens, make corrections in skitch or hand draw and send it to Arun.
   Arun will take those existing screens and implement it with new look and feel.
4. Design screen to remove file for a given product.

---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
UI Design
---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
1. Tabs before login : Home, Pricing, Sign Up, Sign In, Contact
Home tab will have list of features, demo video and quick signup form with big ass button 'Create Account' like this: http://newrelic.com/product/real-user-monitoring
Contact tab will have company address and feedback form.
2. 'Become an affiliate' link will be at the bottom navigation links.

---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Delegate Task : #1
---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Instructions for Elance Site Redesign Project

You will receive the html and css of a site that you can use as a reference to style my site. You must replace the "todos", "messages" etc in the CSS with the corresponding name of the tabs in my application
such as "products", "account" etc.

---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

1) Remove the text at the left upper corner (Radium Logic)
2) The color of the site is blue (different shades of blue)
3) Tabs for the site
    Left Side

    1) Dashboard
    2) Products
    3) Affiliate 

    Right Side

    1) Account
    2) Sign out

Anonymous user
Site Map
Login in the Home page
Signup
Become affiliate
Browse products?

After Login
Logout
Dashboard
Products
Account

4) Text input fields must be styled similar to the page : .... in the given zip file
5) Create a button for : "Create New Product" similar to "Create New Project"
6) The center of the page should have the shadow just like the Basecamp page in the zip
   file
7) Fix the Sign up page UI
8) Fix the validation error red highlight when feedback form is submitted. (Railscast 211: Validations in Rails 3, store example)
9) Products show page fields must be styled
10) Manage Inventory link must become a tab in the products show page? Decide

Remove CSS for existing design. Copy all pages and ask designer to apply the new style.
Check basecamp to see if right section is always present

1) Images under icon directory needs to be dark to show up in the white background
2) Create Another Product link in products#index page should go to the right side like

Basecamp (style button)

---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Cabernet : To Do
---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Design

1. Redesign the pages using paper. Create paper prototype and delegate the CSS design to Elance.
2. Create sales page : Look at Blinksale invoicing site
3. Dashboard content : For a product, display clicks, sales, which landing pages lead to sales
4. Create blankslate for each tab.
5. Refer Evernote notes on the competitor's product manual. Create product manual.
6. **Actors**
    Seller (Merchant)
    Buyer  (Customer)
    Affiliate (Marketer)
    What does the site look like for each of these actors?
7. Draw data flow diagrams. 	
8. Draw ER Diagram for the existing schema to clarify the design.

---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------