1. What do you most like to do?
	I like to utilize my existing skills to build a profitable business.
2. What kind of contribution do you want to make to the world?
	My mission is to help people make environmental friendly choices that has economic value and benefits to the community.

Keep piling up your grains of sand, soon you'll have a castle. -- Connie Mettler

** Income **

How much money do I want?
  One Million per year.

How much money do I actually need each year?
  $ 500,000

How would my financial situation change if I worked from home?
  Need a plan to make a positive financial impact

If I had $10 million in the bank, I would invest my time in:

	These 5 Favorite Activities
	 * Learning technical things
	 * Building a green business
	 * Tennis
	 * Tango
	 * French
	
	These 5 Favorite Places
	 * Santa Cruz
	 * Colorado
	 * France
	 * Argentina
	 * New Zealand

If 1000 fans were paying me $100 each annually, what would I do for them?

My ideal day would begin at 9 o'clock in the city of Santa Cruz, CA. I would wake up and start my day by taking care of my health. Then I would juice vegetables and fruits. By dinnertime I would have accomplished review of daily operational tasks, customer feedback and delegated important work. I would do that by working with contractors, customers and blog readers. I would also leave time for spiritual learning and relaxation before I went to bed, including time to help my wife do chores.

** Current Lifestyle Questions **

Why do you live where you live? Would you like to change that?

* Only one person in the house.
* No need to constantly look for a roommate.
* Reasonable rent.
* Can travel anywhere for work and pleasure without moving out of the house.
* Very quiet neighborhood

Maybe.

What limits have you placed on your own life and behavior that may not be fair to you?
* Not working at least once a week from home
* Not meeting enough women
* Waiting for something to happen to live life and be happy

Which of your daily activities are old-fashioned habits and routines that are unnecessary today?
* Reading news
* Watching porno

Which of your recurring self-criticism or self-doubts are not fair to you and the potential you represent?
* Need lot of money get beautiful women
* Need to work for someone else to make money

Which of your behaviors are in reaction to events of your childhood or incidents in your past that you could and should have let go of long ago?
* Seeing lot of women
* Contacting women that I cannot reach anymore

How could you redesign your lifestyle to address these issues and improve?
* Live life now and be happy. Do not wait for anything.
* Enjoy mini version of the future lifestyle now, every week.

Lifestyle Activity Goals

I want to sleep later
I want to take summers off
I want to travel more
I want to play tennis at least 1 hour every day
I want to learn to speak French
I want to work from home
I want to be able to choose who I work with
I want to stop doing boring projects
I want to cut my commute to 0
I want my work to involve travel, dining.


Lifestyle Design Exercise #2

Favorite things are:

5 favorite hobbies
* Watching french movies
* Tennis
* Tango

5 favorite work activities
* Coding
* Building lean company
* Learning

I want more of:

Leisure activities
* Tennis
* Hiking
* Tango

Work activities
* Coding
* Research 
* Learning

Material Objects
* BMW
* House

I want less of:

Current job activities
* meetings
* legacy code maintenance

Current personal activities


certain people
* spending time with negative people
* low class women
 
Short-term goals:

In the next 6 months the 5 things I would most like to change are :
 1. To live in the present
 2. To be happy regardless of external circumstances
 3. Start exercise in the form of fun activities like learning club dancing, hiking etc.
 4. Find someone to love
 5. Find a great place to live that fits my budget

Long-term goals:

In the next 24 months the 5 things I would most like to change are:
 1. Work from home
 2. Replace consulting income with profits from selling products 	
 3. Find someone to love
 4. Let parents visit more often
 5. Travel more

Fun activities count as doing business when you design your own business to include them.

What are the perks of your favorite industry or hobby that you would like to enjoy?

* Speaking gigs.
* Free review copies of new products
* Free attendance to conferences
* Selling your own branded products

Lifestyle Design Exercise : Part 3

1. Brainstorm : Based on the exercises completed, create a list of 20 likes and dislikes about your life and
	work situations.
2. Prioritize : Prioritize both lists
3. Evaluate: Which of your desired changes are the most easily accomplished? Which are the dislikes most easily avoided?
4. Combine and rerank: Take the top 10 most important and easily accomplished likes and add them to your top 10 most important and changeable dislikes to create a new combined list of 20 entries. Rank in order the new combined list to reflect the importance and priority of both likes and dislikes. Chop off the 10 lowest-ranked ones to create a top 10 list of both likes and dislikes that shows your most desired lifestyle changes that are both possible and doable.
5. Take a break: Sleep on this list. Revisit your top 10 lifestyle changes list next weekend. 
6. Reevaluate: When you’re ready, revisit your list of the 10 most important lifestyle changes. How does it look to you now? What did you miss? Do any new ones come to mind that deserve to be on the list? Rearrange the list to put the easiest lifestyle design changes or the most important ones nearer to the top. Do those priorities reflect a life you would like to lead?

Review your journal to create a final list that answers the following questions:
What are the most important priorities for you in a redesigned daily routine?
What activities, projects or people are the most important for you to feel you are succeeding in your life?

Rank in order these top lifestyle goals. This is your new Lifestyle Design Shopping List.

Success Factors:

#1. Help people
#2. Expert credibility
#3. Automation
#4. Outsource
#5. Audience content creation
 	  Guest posts submitted by audience
	  Product reviews
#6. Scalability
	Automate + Outsource + Audience content creation
#7. Recurring revenues

Combine all these to build a business that is : 
  * low maintenance
  * low cost
  * sustainable
  * scalable
  * with recurring revenues

If you turn your general expertise into specific, personalized solutions, you're like to find paying customers. You can use the Internet to position yourself as a leading expert on any topic based on the personal intellectual property that you've developed by simply living your life!

Dedicated focus is all that differentiates any of us from experts in other fields; with all the information available online becoming an expert can happen faster than ever before.

Publishing content related to your chosen field is the quickest way to gain online recognition for any expertise.

Your “About Us” Page Is Critical 

To establish credibility today it’s very important to have a complete “About Us” page on your website. This page needs 
to offer: 

A quick summary of your services and the value you provide. 
A short mission statement or explanation of why you are in this business. 
Email and other contact information. 
And, yes, photos of you (and of your team if you have one).

The amazing 10-step click millionaires expert program 

To position yourself as an expert in anything in just 30 days. This guide can help you start your own lifestyle business empire online. 
1. Identify a niche industry, interest, or community where you have both expertise and interest. 
2. Brainstorm and buy a domain name that includes keywords important to your niche, and is cool-sounding, easy to spell, and memorable. 
3. Set up a blog. 
4. Make up a username that matches your domain name and encapsulates your expert branding. Use it to set up free accounts on Facebook, Twitter, Google +, and LinkedIn. 
5. Set up free Google Alerts. (www.GoogleAlertsTool.com). Set up the automated searches to email you daily updates on the top companies, personalities, products, or issues important to the people in your target market. 
6. Publish on your blog short summaries of the best articles and blog posts that the Google Alert emails send you each day. Link back to the original articles and give credit. 
7. Demonstrate expertise in your posts and try to help people in a friendly way on your blog, on your Facebook page, on Twitter, and on Linked In and Google +, as appropriate for your topics/ industry. Then ask for comments and feedback to build your brand, traffic, and an audience community. 
8. Reach out personally to 20 top people from your industry or target community. Contact them through email, Facebook, Google +, or relevant community forums to politely invite them to read your new blog, participate by leaving comments and questions, or even submit their own guest posts for you to publish.
9. Set up free accounts with online advertising services like Google AdSense (www.google.com/ adsense). Copy and paste the code the system will give you into your new website to create ad banners that pay you each time a visitor to your site clicks on one. 
10. Repeat steps 6, 7, and 8 to establish yourself as an expert and grow an audience!
Recruit industry contacts to act as guest bloggers.
Interview people and review products.

Easy Content Publishing Strategies

Quoting, filtering, linking to, summarizing and rewriting content from other professionally produced sites.

An Easy Four-Week Content Publishing Plan

Serving the information or community needs of people who share your niche interests. 
Transferring specialized knowledge from your job or learning new skills to position yourself as an expert. 
Creating new downloadable information products. 
Promoting, reviewing, aggregating, and filtering the products and information produced by other companies.

People everywhere would like less information to consume. So if your digital magazine can act as an online “filter” that summarizes the latest news specifically for their niche interests, you give them the massive gift of more time for themselves. Weed out the fluff, spam, and nonsense to help them keep up with the latest niche news more easily.

Digital publishing business offer you the opportunity to build a business that's not dependent on your personal daily participation. They are very scalable.

Publishing online is so inexpensive that you can start a new blog, podcast, or video series covering issues, people, subjects or products that you would like to learn about.

Deliver timely, topical information that helps your readers do their jobs better.

Services that specialize only in download file sales : eJunkie, Payloadz, ClickBank.

Study your competitors. Subscribe to the noozles or blogs, buy the products, join the communities of three competitors to learn what they’re doing and identify ways that you could improve on it. Note: Avoid “Analysis Paralysis”: Don’t overdo the research! Research is often used as a crutch to avoid the fear of failure. Set a time line that allows you to learn enough to be dangerous and then a deadline for moving forward.


