** Falsifiable Hypothesis **

Our hypothesis is that digital self publishers type people have a problem doing effective marketing of their products.

** Tagline **

Click Plan is a collaborative tool for selling, tracking, and managing of digital products. 

** 30 Seconds Elevator Pitch ** 

Click Plan provides affiliate tracking for people who want to sell digital products online. Revenue is generated for both the product vendor and the marketing affiliate through a pay-for-performance revenue sharing model.

1) Actors : Affiliate, Buyer, Vendor, Tracker

Affiliate

1) Signup for an affiliate account.
2) Get affiliate links for products.
3) View products, referral commission, cookie duration, payment policy etc
4) View sales reports showing bounties
5) Email daily and weekly reports - Set Options

Buyer

1) Browse the store
2) Purchase product
3) Get refund 

Vendor

1) Signup for a seller account
2) Setup products, referral commission rate, payment policy, refund policy and cookie duration
3) View sales reports showing payments to be made
4) View affiliate details for mailing payments, sending newsletters etc
5) Email daily and weekly reports - Set options

Tracker

1) Record click, set cookie and redirect to payment processor
2) Record purchase, credit affiliate and redirect to payment confirmation page
3) Process refunds
4) Secure https connection
5) Email reports to sellers, affiliates and Zepho

http://clickbank.net/sell.cgi?YOURID_MERCHANTID/ProductNumber/ProductName


PDF book generation using HTML. 
Password protection, enable / disable printing. 
Email as password or random password. 
Stamping of purchased ebook with user's detail to prevent sharing.

No install
No maintenance. 
Free software upgrades
Focus on growing your business not running your business.
No waiting period and minimum amount to get paid. Immediate access to cash - use cash to grow your business
Export customer data as csv file into newsletter management services
Promotion tracking, Testing sales copy and email newsletter campaigns.

Lower cost than clickbank
Extend - more than WP Affiliate plugin

Order confirmation email can have link to newsletter subscription

Download Click2Sell affiliate guide and merchant guide. Take notes.

http://www.pluggd.in/sell-digital-goods-online-ejunkie-297/
http://www.e-junkie.com/ej/pricing.htm
http://www.e-junkie.com/ej/reseller.htm
https://application.blinksale.com/firms/new#plans
http://www.infoq.com/presentations/availability-consistency
http://www.associateprograms.com/articles/618/1/Click2Sell-new-ClickBank-competitor/
http://www.click2sell.eu/en/home/companies-comparison.html
http://www.clickbank.com/blog/tag/competitors/
http://www.paygear.com/contents/compare/
http://www.authorpalace.com/internet-marketing/clickbank/paygear-the-clickbank-competitor-with-more-to-offer.html
https://www.click2sell.eu/signup-click2sell.html


