Eliminate Reduce Raise Create Grid

Raise : Which factors should be raised well above the industry's standard?
Create : Which factors should be created that industry has never offered?
Reduce : Which factors should be reduced well below the industry's standard?
Eliminate : Which factors should be eliminated that the industry takes for granted?

Increase value and decrease cost

More value than WP Affiliate Plugin and Lower cost than Clickbank

Strategy Canvas

Create a feature matrix using iPad.

Create the diagram for Clickbank, WP Affiliate Plugin and other competitors


Challenging the Industry's Focus

Challenge the functional-emotional orientation of your industry to find new market space. 
Emotionally oriented industries offer many extras that add price without enhancing
functionality. Eliminating extras can create a simpler, lower-priced, lower-cost business
model that customers would welcome. Conversely, functionally oriented industries can infuse
commodity products with new life by adding a dose of emotion that can stimulate new
demand.

Example: Pfizer created a blue ocean by shifting the focus of the pharmaceutical industry's
functional orientation - medical treatment to lifestyle enhancement, an emotional 
orientation.

Reconstructing Market Boundaries

Understand the factors that determine buyer's decisions to trade up or down from 
one strategic group to another. Combine the best features of one strategic group with the
best features of another group to not only capture share from both strategic groups, but 
to also draw new customers into the market. This is the second path to reconstructing 
markets termed "Looking Across Strategic Groups"

Example 1: Ralph Lauren combined the best features of haute couture (designer name, elegance
of their stores and fine materials) with the best features of lower-priced classical lines
(classical look, lower prices).

Example 2: NetJets - Convenience of a private jet at the price of a commercial airline ticket.

Example 3: QB House created a shift in barbershop industry from emotional to a highly functional
one. It reduced the cost and time it takes to get a hair cut by eliminating all the rituals. It
also implemented traffic light system to remove waiting time and eliminate reservation desk. It improved hygiene by introducing a sanitation facility and "one-use" policy of towel and combs.

Looking Across Complementary Products and Services

Think in terms of solving the major pain points in customers' total solution.

Example: Philips create a kettle having a mouth filter to capture lime scale (problem of
another industry - the public water supply)

Challenging Conventional Wisdom

Challenging an industry’s conventional wisdom about which buyer group to target can lead to the discovery of new blue ocean. By looking across buyer groups, companies can gain new insights into how to redesign their value curves to focus on a previously overlooked set of buyer needs. 

Think through the key commonalities that cut across refusing noncustomers of your industry. Find
the bottleneck.

Example: Novo Nordisk transformed from an insulin producer to a diabetes care company. It
introduced NovoPen by thinking in terms of users rather than influencers.

Reaching Beyond Existing Demand

Look at refusing noncustomers and focus on the key commonalities that turn them away from your
industry. This will give insight into the implicit assumptions of the industry that could be
challenged and rewritten to create a leap in value for all. 

How can you reach beyond existing demand and convert noncustomers into customers? Can you 
provide free products and services that will cost less than the revenue generated with an
attractive profit margin?

Example: JCDecaux created a new concept in outdoor advertising called "street furniture". It
created a breakthrough in value for advertisers, the municipalities and itself.

iTunes

Can you break a key customer annoyance factor? 

